<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
	"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components">

	<!-- MY full timecard page -->
	<h:head>
		<!-- Title text displayed will depend on which domain the user is coming from.
			 coming from TTC online domain will display TTC Online specific wording.
			 All else will display Lightspeed specific wording.
		-->
		<title>#{headerViewBean.domainTabTitle} Full Timecard</title>

		<ui:include src="../common/head.xhtml" />

		<!-- WebViewer js files: -->
		<script src="../../lib/webviewer.min.js" />

		<script language="javascript">
			function resize() {
				<c:if test="#{not headerViewBean.mobile}">

				/* controls size of entire tab area (i.e., everything below title/Edit-button bar).
				INCREASE first parameter to decrease the size of the area! */
				element = document.getElementById('time:miniView');
				resizeElement(element, 180, 400);

				element = document.getElementById('scrolldiv');
				resizeElement(element, 223, 360);

				element = document.getElementById('scrollBoxRental');
				resizeElement(element, 223, 360);

				element = document.getElementById('scrollMiles');
				resizeElement(element, 223, 360);

				//resize for attachment list's outer blue legend
				element = document.getElementById('attachment_formLegend');
				resizeElement(element, 242, 340);

				//resize for attachment's outer blue legend
				element = document.getElementById('attachment_sfLegend');
				resizeElement(element, 242, 340);

				element = document.getElementById('attachViewer');
				resizeElement(element, 260, 320);

				if (scrollme > 0) { // scrollToPos was called...
					scrollme = 0;
					scrollToPos(); // re-do scroll after resize of div is done.
				}
				</c:if>
			}

			var formname = "time";
			var scrollme = 0;

			function setScrollPos(pos) {
				// called via 'onscroll' tag
				document.getElementById('time:scrollPos').value = pos;
			}

			function scrollToPos() {
				scrollme = 1; // tell "resize" to call us again in case it executes after us.
				var scrollable = document.getElementById('scrolldiv');
				if (scrollable != null) {
					var scrollposElem = document.getElementById('time:scrollPos');
					pos = scrollposElem.value;
					if (pos != null) {
						scrollable.scrollTop = pos;
					}
				}
			}

/*
 * The webviewAttach function is called by JavaScript code constructed in AttachmentBean.
 *   fileName: the URL that WebViewer will request from the server, expecting to get
 *				back the document to be displayed.
 *	 contactDocId: included by WebViewer in all server requests as the "did" parameter;
 *				the value will be used by LsFacesServlet to find the XFDF content.
 *   docType: should be "xod"; this invokes the "Universal Web Viewer" functionality, which
 *				supports mobile and desktop.  "pdf" may be used for testing in desktop
 *				environment. This parameter determines the type of data that WebViewer expects
 *				to be returned when it requests the file body (using the fileName URL).
 */
var myWebViewerAttach = null;
function webviewAttach(fileName, contactDocId, docType) {
	var viewerElement = document.getElementById("attachViewer");
	console.log('creating WebViewer for attachment');

	PDFTron.WebViewer.prototype.isMobileDevice = function() {
		console.log("isMobileDevice: LS forcing mobile=false");
		return false;
	};

	myWebViewerAttach = new PDFTron.WebViewer({
		path: "../../lib",
		type: "html5",
		mobileRedirect: true,
		/*l: "4adxxx...xxxxx", *wrong key; this hangs webViewer */
		enableAnnotations: false,
		enableReadOnlyMode: true, /* prevent user from changing or adding annotations */
		streaming: true,
		initialDoc: fileName,
		documentType: docType, /* "pdf" or "xod" */
		serverUrl: "../../_db_annotations/pws",
		config: "../../js/webViewConfig.js",
		documentId: contactDocId /* included in server requests as "did" parameter */
	}, viewerElement);
}

		</script>
	</h:head>
	<h:body>
		<f:loadBundle basename="com.lightspeedeps.util.app.messageResources" var="msg" />

		<c:set var="aicp" value="#{fullTimecardBean.production.type.aicp}" scope="request" />

		<c:if test="#{not headerViewBean.mobile}">
			<script language="javascript">
				ice.ace.jq( document ).ready(function() {
					initDomLoaded(); // do our standard page initialization tasks.
				});
			</script>
		</c:if>

		<h:form id="time">
			<h:outputText binding="#{headerRequestBean.tabName}"
					value="#{headerViewBean.tabValue}" style="visibility:hidden">
				<f:attribute name="tabid" value="mytimecards" /><!-- highlight the "Timecards" header menu sub-tab -->
			</h:outputText>

			<ui:include src="../tc/fulltcPage.xhtml" >
				<ui:param name="mytc" value="true" />
			</ui:include>

			<ace:textEntry style="visibility:hidden" id="scrollPos" value="#{fullTimecardBean.scrollPos}" />

		</h:form>
		<ui:include src="../common/releaseNotes.xhtml" />
		<ui:include src="../tcpopup/changePin.xhtml" />
		<ui:include src="../tcpopup/pinPrompt.xhtml" /><!-- used for submit of own timecard -->
		<ui:include src="../tcpopup/addPayLine.xhtml" />
		<ui:include src="../tcpopup/printTimecard.xhtml" />
		<ui:include src="../tcpopup/setMultiplier.xhtml" />
		<ui:include src="../common/confirmpopupbig.xhtml" />
		<ui:include src="../common/addimage.xhtml" />
		<ui:include src="../common/viewimage.xhtml" />
		<ui:include src="../ob/popupUpload.xhtml">
			<ui:param name="isTcAttachment" value="#{true}" />
		</ui:include>

	</h:body>
</html>
