<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
	"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components">

<!-- The Basic Timecard page on the My Timecards tab. -->

<h:head>
<!-- Title text displayed will depend on which domain the user is coming from.
	 coming from TTC online domain will display TTC Online specific wording.
	 All else will display Lightspeed specific wording.
-->
<title>#{headerViewBean.domainTabTitle} Individual Timecard</title>

<ui:include src="../common/head.xhtml" />

<!-- WebViewer js files: -->
<script src="../../lib/webviewer.min.js" />

<script language="javascript">
function resize() {
	<c:if test="#{not headerViewBean.mobile}">
		/* controls size of left-hand scrolling list.
		INCREASE first parameter to decrease the size of the area! */
	resizeScrollable('time:mainlist', 186, 391);

	/* controls size of right-side panel within Timecard mini-tab */
	element = document.getElementById('scrollTc'); // the scrollable div's id
	resizeElement(element, 250, 327);

	/* controls size of right-side panel within Mileage mini-tab */
	element = document.getElementById('scrollMiles'); // the scrollable div's id
	resizeElement(element, 250, 327);

	/* controls size of right-side panel within Box Rental mini-tab */
	element = document.getElementById('scrollBoxRental'); // the scrollable div's id
	resizeElement(element, 250, 327);

	/* controls size of entire right-hand tab area.
	INCREASE first parameter to decrease the size of the area! */
	element = document.getElementById('time:miniView');
	resizeElement(element, 182, 344);

	//resize for attachment list's outer blue legend
	element = document.getElementById('attachment_formLegend');
	resizeElement(element, 242, 340);

	//resize for attachment's outer blue legend
	element = document.getElementById('attachment_sfLegend');
	resizeElement(element, 242, 340);

	element = document.getElementById('attachViewer');
	resizeElement(element, 260, 320);

	</c:if>

}

/*
 * The webviewAttach function is called by JavaScript code constructed in AttachmentBean.
 *   fileName: the URL that WebViewer will request from the server, expecting to get
 *				back the document to be displayed.
 *	 contactDocId: included by WebViewer in all server requests as the "did" parameter;
 *				the value will be used by LsFacesServlet to find the XFDF content.
 *   docType: should be "xod"; this invokes the "Universal Web Viewer" functionality, which
 *				supports mobile and desktop.  "pdf" may be used for testing in desktop
 *				environment. This parameter determines the type of data that WebViewer expects
 *				to be returned when it requests the file body (using the fileName URL).
 */
var myWebViewerAttach = null;
function webviewAttach(fileName, contactDocId, docType) {
	var viewerElement = document.getElementById("attachViewer");
	console.log('creating WebViewer for attachment');

	PDFTron.WebViewer.prototype.isMobileDevice = function() {
		console.log("isMobileDevice: LS forcing mobile=false");
		return false;
	};

	myWebViewerAttach = new PDFTron.WebViewer({
		path: "../../lib",
		type: "html5",
		mobileRedirect: true,
		/*l: "4adxxx...xxxxx", *wrong key; this hangs webViewer */
		enableAnnotations: false,
		enableReadOnlyMode: true, /* prevent user from changing or adding annotations */
		streaming: true,
		initialDoc: fileName,
		documentType: docType, /* "pdf" or "xod" */
		serverUrl: "../../_db_annotations/pws",
		config: "../../js/webViewConfig.js",
		documentId: contactDocId /* included in server requests as "did" parameter */
	}, viewerElement);
}

var formname = "time";
var mainListId = "time:mainlist"; // used by main list scrolling functions

</script>
</h:head>
<h:body>

	<f:loadBundle basename="com.lightspeedeps.util.app.messageResources" var="msg" />

	<c:set var="aicp" value="#{indivTimecardBean.viewProduction == null ? false : indivTimecardBean.viewProduction.type.aicp}" scope="request" />

<c:if test="#{not headerViewBean.mobile}">
<script language="javascript">
ice.ace.jq( document ).ready(function() {
	initDomLoaded(mainListId); // do our standard page initialization tasks.
});
</script>
</c:if>

<h:form id="time">
	<h:outputText binding="#{headerRequestBean.tabName}" value="#{headerViewBean.tabValue}" style="visibility:hidden" >
		<f:attribute name="tabid" value="mytimecards" />
	</h:outputText>

	<ui:include src="../tc/basictcPage.xhtml" >
		<ui:param name="mytc" value="true" />
	</ui:include>

</h:form>
<ui:include src="../common/releaseNotes.xhtml" />
<ui:include src="../common/confirmpopupbig.xhtml" />
<ui:include src="../tcpopup/approvePrompt.xhtml" /><!-- for approval, and also for Submit by dept approver -->
<ui:include src="../tcpopup/submitPrompt.xhtml" /><!-- used for "submit on behalf of other" -->
<ui:include src="../tcpopup/create.xhtml" />
<ui:include src="../tcpopup/pinPrompt.xhtml" />
<ui:include src="../tcpopup/printTimecard.xhtml" />
<ui:include src="../tcpopup/changePin.xhtml" /><!-- for new PIN on first submit -->
<ui:include src="../ob/popupUpload.xhtml">
	<ui:param name="isTcAttachment" value="#{true}" />
</ui:include>
</h:body>
</html>